IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT!!!!

(you're gonna want to read the whole thing, trust me)


As some of you may know, I founded my company Ivy Kode 4 years ago which specializes in Tutoring, Consulting, and Project Development.
well I am pleased to announce that in 2024, we are adding a 4th branch to our operations:  Job Search Assistance!


we've utilized AI technology to automate and improve the job application process!  Our service will get the necessary info from you (education, work experience, etc.) and then will send out up to 1000 applications a day!  And these aren't just going to be random jobs mind you... you tell us the specfics you're looking for (job location, desired salary, expertise, etc.) and those are going to be the characteristics of each and every job that we apply to for you.  And here is the best part... every single application will be tailored to the job that's being applied for.  That means that if we send out 1000 applications in a day for you, that means  we've sent 1000 different versions of your resume, and 1000 different cover letters.  Each application will have a resume and cover letter that is customized based off the job details.  We WILL find you your desired position.


The cost is $500 to join the service... yes, you read that correctly but wait!  don't panic!!  Not only do we accept Klarna and Afterpay, but the $500 is FULLY REFUNDABLE if you haven't received at least 100 replies from employers/jobs that fit your requirements within the first 2 weeks.  

The waitlist is based on desired job location.  Most of you are in the Atlanta area and the waitlist for that is a couple weeks long but act fast because after this post I expect the waitlists to grow considerably.  Joining the waitlist is free.  Once your turn is up, either I or one of my employees will reach out to you to get payment and start the process.  

I hope this service benefits anyone that is in need of a new job.  Big Business has been exploiting us for years, time to fight back!!!

Here's the link to the service's portal.  Choose your desired work location (remote work is included) and go from there.  



*Note, maybe add testimonials*